docs(webhosting): docs webhosting (#1204)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/webhosting/how-to/order-webhosting.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: How to order Webhosting

Author: ```suggestion
  title: How to order a Webhosting service
```

  description: This page explains how to order a Webhosting service
content:

>   h1: How to order Webhosting

Author: ```suggestion
  h1: How to order a Webhosting service
```

  paragraph: This page explains how to order a Webhosting
tags: webhosting order create
dates:
  validation: 2023-01-17
  posted: 2023-01-17
categories:
  - managed-services
---

> This page shows how to create a Scaleway Webhosting. Webhosting is a managed service, designed for personal, business and everything in between. It allows you to host your website and databases and create personalized email addresses using your domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows how to create a Scaleway Webhosting. Webhosting is a managed service, designed for personal, business and everything in between. It allows you to host your website and databases and create personalized email addresses using your domain name.
```
```suggestion
This page shows how to create a Scaleway Webhosting. Webhosting is a managed service, designed for personal use, business use and everything in between. It allows you to host your website and databases and create personalized email addresses using your domain name.
```

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [registered a domain name](/network/domains-and-dns/how-to/register-internal-domain/) at Scaleway or another registrar
</Message>

1. Click **Webhosting** in the **Managed Services** section of the side menu. The Webhosting splash page displays.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-webhosting-splash.webp" alt="" />

    <Message type="note">
      If you have existing Webhostings in your account, you will see a list of
      these Webhostings. Click the <Icon name="plus" />
      button to create additional Webhostings.
    </Message>
2. Click **Order Webhosting**. The Webhosting creation wizard displays.
3. Complete the following steps in the wizard: 

>     - Enter a **domain name** that you would link to your webhosting account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Enter a **domain name** to link to your webhosting account. 
```

      <Message type="important">

>         The domain must be registered already and you have to the registrant for this domain. If you do not have a domain name yet, you can [registered a domain name](/network/domains-and-dns/how-to/register-internal-domain/) before continuing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The domain must be registered already and you have to be the registrant for the domain. If you do not have a domain name yet, you should [register a domain name](/network/domains-and-dns/how-to/register-internal-domain/) before continuing.
```

      </Message>

>     - Choose a **hosting plan**. Choose the offer that corresponds to the requirements for your webhosting. 

Author: ```suggestion
    - Choose a **hosting plan**. Choose the offer that corresponds to the requirements for your Webhosting service. 
```

    - Choose wether you want to enable the **backup option** or not. 
      <Message type="tip">
        Activate this option to benefit from a daily automated backup of your webhosting account, accessible by FTP. The offer includes a daily backup of your website, emails and databases, retention of these backups for three days, and retention of a full weekly backup of your website for two months.
      </Message>
    - Enter your **email address**. We will send your cPanel password to the email address you enter in the form.
4. Click **Validate Webhosting** to finish. The creation of your Webhosting begins and you are redirected to the **Overview** tab. From here you can see information about your webhosting account, such as the link to the cPanel control panel, your webmail interface etc.

<Lightbox src="scaleway-instance-overview.webp" alt="" />

Proceed with the configuration of the DNS for your webhosting.

<Navigation title="See Also">

>   <NextButton to="/managed-serveices/webhosting/configure-dns-webhosting/">How to configure DNS for a Webhosting</NextButton>

Author: ```suggestion
  <NextButton to="/managed-serveices/webhosting/configure-dns-webhosting/">How to configure DNS for Webhosting</NextButton>
```
